added a short narrarive demo for anyone demoing (#14)
databricks-solutions/devrel-examples: demos/bee-pollinator/README.md

A demonstration of the Databricks [Multi-Agent Supervisor](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/generative-ai/agent-bricks/multi-agent-supervisor) pattern using real USDA bee colony health and pollination data. The supervisor routes questions between structured agricultural data (Genie) and beekeeping guidance documents (Knowledge Assistant).

## What this demo does

You build a supervisor agent that sits in front of two specialized sub-agents and decides which one (or both) should handle each user query:

- **A user asks a data question** ("Top 5 states by colony loss in Q4 2024?") — the supervisor routes to a **Genie agent**, which writes SQL against three Delta tables (~13,500 rows of real USDA data) and returns tabular results.
- **A user asks a guidance question** ("How should I monitor varroa mite levels?") — the supervisor routes to a **Knowledge Assistant**, which retrieves answers from four public-domain PDFs indexed via Vector Search.

> - **A user asks a question that needs both** ("Which stressors hit California hardest last quarter, and what should beekeepers do about it?") — the supervisor calls both agents and synthesizes a single answer that connects the data to actionable recommendations.

Reviewer: data cutoff is a bit older (Q2 2025 is most recent); I've been using Q1 2023 or 2024 in CA as the example, probably best to specify a specific range.

> - **A user asks a question that needs both** ("Which stressors hit California hardest last quarter, and what should beekeepers do about it?") — the supervisor calls both agents and synthesizes a single answer that connects the data to actionable recommendations.

Reviewer: I meant this line—any objections to this change?

```suggestion
- **A user asks a question that needs both** ("Which stressors hit California hardest in Q1 2023, and what should beekeepers do about it?") — the supervisor calls both agents and synthesizes a single answer that connects the data to actionable recommendations.
```
